well it's a concern now absolutely
because triple G is a solid middleweight
and Canelo he could make 154 with no
problem we have to keep in mind that
Canelo has been out of the ring for
before this fight for about nine months
and he did make the weight relatively
easy he looks strong he looked he looked
he looked a tremendous shape so when
made 154 and a half so we have to go
back to the drawing board and discuss
discuss future plans and and see what
what wait he feels comfortable but but
eventually he is going to grow into a
into a middleweight and he is going to
fight triple G when the time is right
and I can guarantee you one thing that
people were talking about the super
fight last weekend I mean you talk about
a superfight a year and a half down the
road two years triple G Canelo would be
would surpass any type of number or hike
that last week's fight and and they
would guarantee action so you know
boxing is Boxxy just keeps on growing
boxing just you know the fans want to
see fights they want to see action they
know they know the game there and then
the world knows that Triple D vs Canelo
down the road would be the next super
mega fight I don't know I know you don't
like to go but how much this is a nice
both athletes 52 shape what fight last
week
what five I received a call from your
good friend Bob Arum ah yeah telling me
congratulations great job and just told
him I we learned from the best so that
was nice